The Pinnacle – A Short Story
Nature does not hurry, nor does business – at first. 
I always wanted to create; I knew that much. A great dreamer, I would be told. 
I always had ideas, sometimes crazy ones. If you were there, you would know. 
I never knew that I would need to risk it all just to come back again. 

This is a true story of The Phoenix, rising from the ashes to breathe new life into ourselves once more. 
It is a true story about reaching your “Pinnacle”, only to climb for more. 

I am a visionary; this is my story. 

An old saying by Aeschylus says that small seeds will grow a mighty trunk, I hope to grow together with all of you. 

  I grew up in a small town, about 20 miles from the City of Boston. 
  I would watch with amazement as the city always grew, something new – a building, a bridge, an interconnected system of tunnels, bridges, and buildings. 
  My father was a builder. Two of my father figures are builders of that exact system – The Big Dig. 
  I got to watch from a front row seat, always hearing stories second hand or at the dinner table while we spent time with these families. 
  I would love to share their stories, but for now – understand that the foundation forged by our three families is what will carry this company into the future.
  
  
Pinnacle Hospitality Solutions, LLC is a registered business in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. 
    We conduct business here now, but plan to expand into a multi-national hospitality powerhouse. 

Another business venture is also Pinnacle Hospitality Solutions, LLC, a Domestic Limited Liability Company in the State of Delaware.

  I grew up in a small community attending a wonderful high school where every opportunity was afforded to me. 
  I got good grades, bad grades, screwed around a lot, but I was always in my element when it came to math, science, and literature. 
  I saw death, trauma, and tragedy from a young age, always vowing to make the most of my life. 
  Also, I worked. I worked all around, odd jobs in restaurants, umpired little league – anything to make a buck. 
  My parents were hard workers, self-employed, always willing to do whatever it took to make ends meet. 
  We had a great life - my two brothers and I never went without even though it came down to the wire occasionally. 
  We had a great support system and a huge extended family. 

I worked hard in the hospitality industry – as a bus boy, cook, server, bartender, caterer, manager, event coordinator, beverage director. 
I knew I would need to start my own business.  
When my father became ill, my now wife and I had just begun dating and it was a lot to absorb. 
I would often think of how to tell her, “hey this is my dad, but he is dying a slow and excruciating death.” 
So, while we began our lives together – I put that on hold. 

Do you get the picture? 

I had to dream to get through it, I had to fall in love to know that I needed someone there with me every step of the way. 
My wife was on her way to being a therapist – it was the perfect match. 
We welcomed our baby at the height of the pandemic, I put my business on hold to make sure I had full time employment to support our growing family. 


Today, I write because I want to remember all of this. 
    The fight, the struggle, the good days, and the sorrowful ones. 
    
We will all miss our younger selves and I wanted to create a living memory of my journey. 

I love my job, I love the company I work for, I love where I am at in life. 
I am planning to continue my work if this dream allows, they are truly a world class organization. 

I know that now, if ever, is the perfect time to share my vision with you. 

I want you all to be part of The Pinnacle. 

The Pinnacle is about helping others. 

We plan to grow at a rapid pace while leaving no one behind. 

We will lift each other up. 

We will fight for every one of you while we explore our potential expansion options.

Life is certainly interesting. 

Pinnacle Hospitality Solutions plans to be a disruptor.

We plan to grow organically through local catering and event options, while also growing out restaurant management consulting firm. 

The end game for Pinnacle is to create an even playing field in the hospitality industry. 
  This will allow for the mom and pop’s to not only survive but thrive! 
  We plan to democratize restaurant financing and until now – in a way that was never truly realized. 
  
With the advent of cryptocurrencies and decentralized finance, I found myself asking, “If not me, then who? If not now, when?” 

I genuinely believe that I was meant to create this company and this idea. 

I am of humble means, live a humble life, and want the most for people – I do not need this idea to get rich, I need this idea to change the world. 

Our goal is to create the blockchain technology to create a large-scale Restaurant and Hospitality Management Cryptocurrency and NFT Platform. 

This sector is one fifth of global GDP, if you can understand the scalability of crypto and the idea that in 2018, the total estimated value of this industry was $3,000,000,000,000. We just want a small piece of that pie. We plan to follow the rule of 21. We plan to see massive growth on a scale unlike anything before. “A Roaring Unicorn”. 


I hope this makes some small impact on your life and that you join us as we raise each other up. 

Check out what we are doing right now at Pinnacle Hospitality Solutions, and rest assured we already know where we want to be. 

This is the ultimate Wall Street Bet - on myself, on my business, on my entrepreneurial spirit. 

I am grateful for more people than I could ever name. 

This letter serves as a notice of a seed funding capital program to invest in Pinnacle Hospitality Solutions, LLC.

  We are a small business, but one day we hope to change the world with you help. 
  
  As of this writing we are considering several share offering strategies if you would like to learn more and get on our waiting list – please do! 

You can find us online at www.pinnacle-hospitality.com

Check out our Blockchain Project at The Pinnacle!

This is not financial advice. All rights reserved. Copyright 2021. 
